# Step 1 - Data Ingest


Please read `introduction.md` first!

For this part of the project, you will be building out the data tooling for your trading system. 

First, we're going to need to add GitHub Actions so we can ensure that our future changes still pass all unit tests and linting/formatting checks before merging into your main branch. Create a PR with files for the following GH Actions:
- One action to run our Python unit tests using Pytest (https://docs.pytest.org/en/stable/)
- One action to run our Python Linter and Formatter, Ruff and Mypy: (https://mypy-lang.org/, https://github.com/astral-sh/ruff)
- One action to run our C++ unit tests using Make
- One action to run our C++ Linter and Formatter, Clang-Tidy and Clang-Format (https://clang.llvm.org/extra/clang-tidy/index.html, https://clang.llvm.org/docs/ClangFormat.html)

Ensure each action runs on PR to any branch, as well as pushes to main. Get this reviewed by your project supervisor.


Now, we need to implement the actual logic. `pysrc/data_client.py` is provided with some function stubs, but it is up to you if you want to change
the layout. It is recommended to put the actual call in `_query_api`, and to process it in `_parse_message`.

As in the introduction, you will be getting trade history data from the Gemini exchange. The relevant documentation can be found here: https://docs.gemini.com/rest-api/#trade-history

In this step, and in future steps for this project, python tests will be run and built using `pytest` - please make sure your tests are compatible in this way.

Once your implementation is done, write unit tests for the _parse_message function as well as the get_data function. In order to write a unit test,
you must mock out the call to the kraken API using a `MagicMock`.

We will also be interested in an integration test. This will actually hit the gemini server. Please create a new subfolder for this, and add a new
GitHub action for it as well. 

Open a new PR for this, and get it reviewed by your project supervisor as well.

Fill in the blank (Put this in your PR):

Our build system:

When I run `make test`: (26 total points)
First, make invokes the make command ___ which invokes the make command ___.
Then, make invokes ___, and also ___.
After, make returns to ___, which then calls ___ which uses ___. It then copies ___ into ___ because ___.
Then, it returns to ___ and invokes ___ and ___ to run ___.
